These rules (as supplied by Ulli) will be implemented as soon as possible.
Anyone who would like to help develop the code further is welcome to (please contact dioxic@madasafish.com if interested).
A version of checkers with most (or all) of these rules should be ready in 1 or 2 weeks time!


International Checker Rules
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
I
International checkers is played on the dark squares only of a checkerboard 
of 100 alternating dark and light squares, (ten rows, ten columns) by two 
opponents having 20 checkers each of contrasting colours, normally referred to 
as black and white. 

II
The board is positioned squarely between the players and turned so that a 
dark square is at each player's near left side. Each player places his 
checkers on the dark squares of the four rows nearest him. The player with 
the lighter checkers makes the first move of the game, and the players take 
turns thereafter, making one move at a time.

III
The object of the game is to prevent the opponent from being able to move 
when it is his turn to do so. This is accomplished either by capturing all of 
the opponent's checkers, or by blocking those that remain so that none of 
them can be moved. If neither player can accomplish this, the game is a draw.

IV
Single checkers, known as men, move forward only, one square at a time in a 
diagonal direction, to an unoccupied square. Men capture by jumping over an 
opposing man on a diagonally adjacent square to the square immediately 
beyond, but may do so only if this square is unoccupied. Men may jump forward 
or backward, and may continue jumping as long as they encounter opposing 
checkers with unoccupied squares immediately beyond them. Men may never jump 
over checkers of the same colour.

V
A man which reaches the far side of the board becomes a King. However, if it 
reaches the far side by means of a jump, and is able to jump backward away 
from the far side over another man or King, it must do so, and does not 
become a King. A man reaching the far side by jumping becomes a King only if 
its jump, or series of jumps, terminates there. When a man becomes a King the 
turn to move passes to the other player, who must crown the new King by 
placing a checker of the same colour atop it. A player is not permitted to 
make his own move until he crowns his opponent's King.

VI
Kings move forward or backward any number of squares on a diagonal line to an 
unoccupied square. Kings capture from any distance along a diagonal line by 
jumping, forward or backward, over an opposing man or king with at least one 
unoccupied square immediately beyond it. The capturing King then lands on any 
one of these unoccupied squares (except as noted in rule 7) and continues 
jumping, if possible, either on the same line, or by making a right angle 
turn onto another diagonal line. Kings may never jump over checkers of the 
same colour.

VII
Whenever a player is able to make a capture he must do so. When there is more 
than one way to jump, a player must choose a sequence of jumps which results 
in the capture of the greatest possible number of opposing units, men and 
Kings each counting as one unit. A "HUFF" of a checker for failure to jump 
properly is not permitted. The incorrect move must be retracted, and a 
correct move must be made. If possible, the correct move must be made with 
the man or King originally moved incorrectly.

VIII
A man or King may not jump over the same opposing man or King more than once.

IX
Captured checkers are not removed from the board until all jumps made on the 
move are completed, and the hand is removed from the capturing man or 
King.(It is only in rare instances that rules 8 or 9 affect the play of a 
game. They can have the effect of reducing the number of captures possible on 
a move. In most of these cases a King is the capturing piece. On very rare 
occasions these rules, either separately or in combination, will result in a 
King being forced to terminate a series of jumps on a square from which it 
will then be captured by an opposing man or King which itself would have been 
captured were it not for these rules.)

X
Time limits for play are based on a fixed amount of time for a given number 
of moves, without regard to how much of this time is used on any one move. 
When the given number of moves has been made by each player, with neither 
having used up the allotted time, an additional allotment of time and moves 
is given to each. This continues until the conclusion of the game. Unused 
time is retained when a new allotment is given. A player loses a game if his 
time expires before he has completed the required number of moves.
